For the first two questions regarding studying techniques and coding boot camps,
we need to wrangle our data and then we were mostly able to use
descriptive statistics to find our solutions to our questions of interest.
But we did also use a little inference to look at significant salary differences.
We don't really need to use modeling to answer either of these two questions though,
so we can skip this part.
However, to make predictions of an individual's job satisfaction or salary,
we're going to need to wrangle our data,
and then introduce the next step of the process: building a predictive model.
Predictive models are one type of machine learning algorithm,
known as supervised machine learning.
Modeling as a data scientist is often considered the fun part
of the data science job because of libraries like scikit-learn and Python.
Let's see how we can use that in this situation.
A simplified four-step process for modeling using
scikit-learn is to first instantiate our model.
Second, to fit our model to the training data.
Third, predict using your fitted model on some test data and then finally,
score your model using a metric to evaluate how well it performs.
Let's see how we might use modelling in
this process to predict salary for an individual in this data set.